# Mwb-v2-Redux - Data Migration Workbench

## **Application Overview**

A web based app for reviewing progress and test results of a data migration project (Healthcare).  
Picks up test result files generated by LinqPad and displays a summary dashboard.

There are three types of results, setails displayed on secondary pages, each handled by different teams:  

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;**Validations** - check the validtity of codes included in the migration data  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;**Referentials** - check the referential integrity between records in the migration data  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;**Clinics** - check the degree of corelation between Outpatient records in the migration data and configured clinics  

<br/>

## **Feature list**

#### Dashboard
- compact summary information for each area of interest (measure)
- current error count or progress figure 
- green/yellow/red color indicator
- sparkline trend indicator
- drop down narrative text (initially hidden), if text is configured
- animated panel opening for narrative text

#### Linqpad Test Result Review Pages
- common layout and code for all three measure areas
- display latest test results, or previous when selected from list
- text search across all loaded results

#### Results file list with list limiter
- file list initially displays only most recent results (as configured for the measure)
- file list expands, when requested, to show older results
- file list shows ellipsis for tests on the same date (implicit grouping)
- narrow (custom) scrollbar 

#### Team Tasks
- login required to access (authguard)
- kanban board display
- drag and drop tasks between categories

<br/>

## **Architecture**

This app is built with Angular v5, bootstrap, angular-redux/store, and d3.  
Testing consists of unit tests, e2e tests via karma/protractor and also a siute of **Cypress.io** integration tests for comparison. 

### **Detail pages**

- [Component DashboardThumbnail](dashboard-thumbnail.md)
- [Thumbnail Dropdown Panel](narrative-dropdown-panel.md)
- [Scrollbar CSS Adjustments](scrollbar-css-adjustments.md)
- [Redux Store](redux store.md)
- [Redux Middleware](redux middleware.md)
- [Redux Selector Helpers](redux selector helpers.md)
- [Redux Reducer Testing](reducer-testing.md)
- [SearchComponent Testing Notes](search.component-tests.md)

<br/>

## **How to use**

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.6.8.

### Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

### Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

### Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

### Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

### Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

### Running Cypress intergation tests

Run `ng serve` to serve the application from the local dev server.
Run `npm run cypress:io` to start the Cypress test runner.
